Translation corrections (#425)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_005.txt

//r…こんなことしか言えない自分の拙劣さが、心底情けない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…こんなことしか言えない自分の拙劣さが、心底情けない。",

> 			NULL, "...She was deeply ashamed of her clumsiness that couldn't bring her to say anything other than that.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...She was deeply ashamed of her clumsiness, at being unable to bring herself to say anything more than that.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " After all, this case is so out of the blue, and not enough of the pieces fit together.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s14/31/vt4bb_fujita1044", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "むしろ祟りならどれだけ考えるのが楽か、なんて思いたくもなりますよ」",

> 			NULL, " So there have been times where I've thought it would be so easy if I could assume it's the work of a curse.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So there have been times where I've thought it would be so easy if I could just assume it's the work of a curse.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Absolutely.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_araf1041", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "気を遣って言わなかった、ってのは結局のところ自己満足なんですよ」",
			NULL, " To say nothing even when you're concerned is just complacency in the end.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//荒川rvS14/00/VT4Bb_araF1042.「本当に自分が心配するに足る相手なら、よほどでない限り言われたことで態度を急変させる、なんてありえませんからね。kvS14/00/VT4Bb_araF1043.あいつもいい勉強になったと思いますよ」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5f5248>荒川</color>", NULL, "<color=#5f5248>Arakawa</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_araf1042", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「本当に自分が心配するに足る相手なら、よほどでない限り言われたことで態度を急変させる、なんてありえませんからね。",

> 			NULL, "\"When you're really worried about someone, they won't change their attitude suddenly unless it's something extreme, after all.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"When you're really worried about someone, they won't suddenly change their attitude unless it's something extreme, after all.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
